We already know this is a web server, but before we poke around in our browser let's set our trusty nmap to run while we take a look.

nmap -vvvv -A -oN scan -p- $TARGET

While that runs, let's hop over to port 80. The web page just says "It works!" and the page source doesn't reveal much of use either.

Time to enumerate web directories:

gobuster dir -u $TARGET -w /usr/share/wordlists/dirb/common.txt -t 64

This reveals two things: /cgi-bin/ (which is forbidden) and /index.html which is just the homepage.

So far our nmap scan has revealed port 80 (duh) and port 22. Name a more iconic duo, I'll wait. I didn't tell nmap to be fast and aggressive, so it's gonna be a little while longer before I can see details on which versions of these services are running. In the meantime, let's see what Nikto's got to say.

nikto -host $TARGET

Looks like we've got an Apache 2.4.49 server. Let's plug that into searchsploit and see what we get.

There's a PHP exploit that allows for RCE via the cgi-bin directory. If that's not promising, I don't know what is. Let's grab it and stick it in our current directory.

searchsploit -m 29290

Now, how to use this? Let's take a look back at our target web server.

Wait a minute, what's this? Now it's showing a landing page for a dummy consulting business. Well, this is rather more helpful than "It works!"

I guess I didn't wait long enough originally for all the services on the machine to fully boot up. We live and learn.

Anyway, let's poke around and see what new stuff we can find. Starting with another gobuster pass, we also get an /assets directory. The only really interesting thing that jumps out here is a file called .DS_Store, which we can download.

Catting out DS_Store gives us mostly gibberish; using strings doesn't help much either. It seems to mostly be stuff related to CSS or just more gibberish. The final string is DSDB, which might relate to a database of some kind, but I'm not optimistic.

The /cgi-bin directory is still there, and at the bottom of the homepage is a contact form.

TBC...
